Support Windows (#8)
y-ken/fluent-plugin-watch-process: README.md

  * to use short hostname, set `hostname -s` for this option on linux/mac.
  * [default] `hostname`

### About Windows

> Default `command` in Windows below is complicated, but you can fix `keys` without fixing `command`, unless you specify a key other than the default.

Reviewer: I guess this is more user-friendly English
```suggestion
Default `command` preset for Windows provides many of keys as below. Generally, you can pick up the columns with `keys` option.
If you need additional keys, consider to update `command` option
```
